doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
pancakes pancakes it's like a someone's
running away from like the cops thing
pancakes pancakes cops cops suck
hey what's up guys I'm Matty Matheson
we're here in Parkdale Toronto we're
about to make some pancakes I
love pancakes you guys should love
pancakes let's make some pancakes you've
never had pancakes like this because
these ones are gonna be the best
pancakes you've ever had I make the best
pancakes in the world try to with
me on this you can too
all right so to make pancakes you need a
few ingredients here this is everything
that you need to make a perfect pancake
you need flour what's up you got some
buttermilk if you don't have buttermilk
you can use just milk and then add some
white vinegar to it just like a
tablespoon
that'll sour it up for you we need that
baking soda Arm and Hammer and then we
got some baking powder the magic powder
don't put it in your nose then we got
Pam we've got the grease Lord the og
we've got blueberries for blueberry
pancakes little bananas some beautiful
eggs at room temperature we got some
butter at room temperature last but not
least for pancakes and Canada at least I
know what you guys are eating pancakes
anywhere else you need some maple syrup
my son eat a pancake was about three
weeks ago I had a pancake at work it was
great these are all the tools you need
you need a whisk you need a spatula you
need a spoon or a ladle a dirty-ass
strainer sifter we're gonna sift the dry
ingredients so first you always got to
remember you got to separate your dry
and your wet ingredients right guys so
first well we're gonna start with
two cups of flour we're gonna sift all
of the ingredients you got that trap
house vibe making the fish-scale here
get the fish-scale you want the flower
to be lumpy when you're making pancakes
but you don't want the starting base to
lumpy then we're gonna add I like my
shits sugary so I'm gonna add some sugar
that was about like three tablespoons so
baking powder you always need a little
bit more than baking soda baking soda is
like the crazy and baking powder is
the stuff that'll make it like fluffy so
we just need a little bit like five key
bumps that and then you got baking soda
just a little bit and then we just sift
that stuff in there oh also when always
baking you always got to remember a
little pinch of salt and then we just
sift that stuff we got our flour baking
soda baking powder salt sugar so there
is your dry mix now to make your wet mix
we're gonna need some eggs I need to
melt some butter really quickly this is
what not to do this pan is way too
hot this butter is now brown
butter bush-league move you gotta start
again you're a idiot okay so now
we got to start over because I up
that last so take about this much
butter that's about like two tablespoons
of butter you don't want it to be brown
you want to be nice and yellow so to
make really good pancakes I'm gonna
separate the eggs with the yolks and the
whites to separate whites and yolks you
can just pour it back and forth and let
the shell kind of cut off the egg yolks
and whites so for this amount of flour
we're gonna need four eggs see this yolk
see this yolk broke that's no good okay
now check this out we're gonna take the
egg whites we're gonna just stir them up
pretty much a whiskey sour down here
we're gonna add some buttermilk at home
you'll probably do about two cups which
is about that much okay so then we have
our yolks so we're just gonna stir these
guys up
we're gonna add a little bit of sugar
that's a lot of sugar that's okay so
we're just gonna stir this up I should
have got a smaller bowl to do this idiot
I'm gonna add some butter so when you're
pouring something like warm like this
into egg yolks
or any kind of eggs and stuff make sure
it's not hot hot because it's gonna just
turn your into scrambled eggs okay
so there we go so we had our egg yolks
and our sugar and our butter and then we
had our egg whites with our buttermilk
then we can find those guys and then we
had all of our dry ingredients and then
we combined those and we stir those in
now we're just gonna pour in the flour
the biggest way people up pancakes
is by over stirring pancakes you don't
want to become flat and dense you want
to just fold it in just enough to make
them kind of fluffy and those clumps of
flour let you see that you think might
be weird or really good because they'll
make things fluffier when you're frying
up the pancakes I'm gonna put this in
the fridge for a little second let this
kind of just sit and marinate okay we're
gonna make classic just pancakes and
maple syrup and then we're also going to
throw some some blueberries in some and
we're gonna throw some little bananas in
some too these bananas are cute aren't
they and then you can just cut them up
here we got some nice local nature ripe
blueberries they're from product in the
USA so we're gonna use those guys let's
start making some pancakes so
you can kind of see it's kind of set up
there now Pam so spray out the Pam all
you youtube trolls probably gonna call
mine on how much Pam I just put in the
pan
you how about that you don't want
to press on them you don't want to do
anything what you want to do is just let
them sit there your pancakes are cooking
just chill out think about your woman
think about your dude think about that
special place you want to go with them
that's getting a little nice and brown
here on the side whoo it's a perfect
little pancake isn't it
yes it is Maddie yes it is
got some cakes here boys made with love
I'm Matty Matheson and these are
pancakes
I flipped these guys once they're pretty
good I'm gonna take them off got a short
stack this is called a short stack the
best pancakes in the world are right
here on this plate and now we're gonna
take some of Montreal's best maple syrup
so this is the og pancake here then
we're gonna make some blueberry pancakes
next okay I hate when people make like
blueberry pancakes and put like three
blueberries in it let's just
make a lot of blueberries in it
load it up you know what's up this is a
blueberry pancake it's the best one
you've ever had I just showed you how to
do it don't it up don't tweet me
about your ugly ass pancakes these are
beautiful I don't want to see beautiful
pancakes coming from you guys you can
make any kind of pancakes throw some
butter chicken roti in there throw some
jerk chicken some McDonald's banana
blueberry pancakes see how easy that is
it's a blank canvas do whatever you guys
want
don't put your boogers and pancakes
don't want to eat your boogers
perfect pancakes what you know about
them I'm out I'm gonna let these camera
dudes eat some of these perfect pancakes
eat some pancakes pancakes eat
some pancakes
yeah good cakes so all the ingredients I
bought today to make all those pancakes
every single thing on that table today
was nineteen dollars and 56 cents world
hunger can be solved by nineteen dollars
and 56 cents everyone does easy
pancakes
once again you're welcome world